hello everyone with you minikotik today
Received the parcel and would like with you
share here looks like a package wrapper
I was ordered girl dare groups
VKontakte let's open up together
England does not have the clock and everyone knows
beloved and none already dear here it is yes
here is in such a watch as there
empty for a long time also wanted for myself such
Well, probably order a cup very often
they are kind of like silicone jade even three
couples
g3 orange and here are these 2 guys
let's take a closer look
yes, it's probably silicone like this
look at the handles are very cool
watch themselves do they go cool and not
looks so cheap I'd like to say
so they reveal the same
but in general once again I want to show that
the handle looks gorgeous at all
will and not write such a muse such
money i think is generally a worthwhile thing
very such graders so well
summer color time for me to handle is also very
cool but they are on hire years they
look
in until that look on the handle
by means of
yes of course this parcel watch I
very pleased and here you are of course
glass
supersonic watch
this is now done by the gold detail
what is there that there so more often kef
cool at all super super
well girls it was probably for today
everyone who watched me
Thank you all for watching and see you soon
meetings and bye everyone